Add documentation for new rootless password rotation workflow for DB Static Roles (#28374)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/secret/databases/index.mdx

- `username` `(string: <required>)` – Specifies the database username that this
  Vault role corresponds to.

> - `self_managed_password` `(string)` – <EnterpriseAlert product="vault" inline />

Reviewer: Sorry to keep nitpicking this PR, but given we don't have plans to add this to any other DBs anytime soon should we move this to the postgres API specific page?

We could do something similar to how we extend the connection config...

```
## Create static role
In addition to the parameters defined by the Database backend's [Create static role](/vault/api-docs/secret/databases#create-static-role) endpoint, this plugin
has a number of parameters to further configure a static role.
```

Author: Thanks for the clarification, @schavis! This field is part of the Vault API, so I opted to define it here and noted its limited use to select DBs.

>   The password corresponding to this username in the database. Required when using

Author: Updated to be `the username` instead of `this username`. This field is related to the `username` field right above it, hence the reference

>   the Rootless Password Rotation workflow for static roles. Only enabled for select
>   DB engines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the Rootless Password Rotation workflow for static roles. Only available for select
  DB engines. See the [database secrets engine capabilities](/vault/docs/secrets/databases#database-capabilities) for details.
```
I think we should update the [DB capabilities](https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault/docs/secrets/databases#database-capabilities) table with the support for rootless static role rotation
